Fix CloudPrem wording and add processing page. (#29140)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloudprem/processing.md

                        "supportRules": "",
                        "matchRules": "agent_rule %{date(\"yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss z\"):timestamp} \\| %{notSpace:agent} \\| %{word:level} \\| \\(%{notSpace:filename}:%{number:lineno} in %{word:process}\\) \\|( %{data::keyvalue(\":\")} \\|)?( - \\|)?( \\(%{notSpace:pyFilename}:%{number:pyLineno}\\) \\|)?%{data}\nagent_rule_pre_611 %{date(\"yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss z\"):timestamp} \\| %{word:level} \\| \\(%{notSpace:filename}:%{number:lineno} in %{word:process}\\)%{data}\njmxfetch_rule     %{date(\"yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss z\"):timestamp} \\| %{notSpace:agent} \\| %{word:level}\\s+\\| %{word:class} \\| %{data}"
                    }
                },
                {
                    "id": "xnsd5oanXq2893utcsQ",
                    "type": "status-remapper",
                    "enabled": true,
                    "sources": ["level"]
                },
                {
                    "type": "date-remapper",
                    "id": "xn2WAzysQ1asdjJsb9dfb",
                    "enabled": true,
                    "sources": ["timestamp"]
                }
            ]
    }
]
```

## Compatibility with Datadog SaaS Pipelines

> CloudPrem processing aims for parity with Datadog SaaS, allowing direct use of existing SaaS pipeline configurations by ignoring unknown or faulty processors. However, some differences currently exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudPrem processing is designed to align closely with Datadog SaaS, allowing direct use of existing SaaS pipeline configurations. It achieves this by ignoring unknown or unsupported processors. However, some differences exist:
```

> Some filter queries can’t be parsed: e.g. combining wildcards `@data.message:+*`
> Filter on `message` has a different matching behaviour (also affects e.g. category processor)
> The current implementation is using a regex to grep the word, but it should tokenize the text and try to match the tokens. Phrases are also ignored currently.
> Some grok syntax differs in behaviour: Groks are using regular expressions internally. The regex engines may have slightly different matching behavior.
> Some grok patterns can’t be parsed (e.g. `%{?>notSpace:db.severity}`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some filter queries can’t be parsed, such as combining wildcards `@data.message:+*`.
- Filter on `message` has a different matching behavior (also affects e.g. category processor).
- CloudPrem uses a regex to grep the word, but it should tokenize the text and try to match the tokens. Phrases are also ignored.
- Groks are using regular expressions internally. The regex engines may have slightly different matching behavior.
- Some grok patterns can’t be parsed (for example, `%{?>notSpace:db.severity}`)
```

Reviewer: Are these supposed to be bullet lists? 
Can you clarify this: "Filter on `message` has a different matching behaviour (also affects e.g. category processor)"

Author: @PSeitz-dd can you check that?

> Ignored processors will appear as a warning in the indexer logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignored processors appear as a warning in the indexer logs.
```

### Supported Processors:
- attribute-remapper (overrideOnConflict is unsupported)
- category-processor
- date-remapper

> - grok-parser (currently 80% compatibility)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- grok-parser (limited compatibility)
```

- message-remapper
- pipeline
- service-remapper
- status-remapper
- string-builder-processor
- trace-id-remapper

### Unsupported Processors:
- arithmetic-processor
- geo-ip-parser
- lookup-processor
- url-parser
- user-agent-parser

## Further reading

> {{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}} 

[1]: /logs/log_configuration/pipelines/?tab=source
```
